annot: Cut peeled potatoes into strips
ACTID: 0
PRED: cut
[DOBJ, food] peeled potatoes (-1)
[PP, other, into] strips (-1)
annot: Soak the potatoes in water
ACTID: 1
PRED: soak
[DOBJ, food] the potatoes (0)
[PP, location, in] water (-1)
annot: mix flour, salt, pepper, milk and an egg in a large bowl
ACTID: 2
PRED: mix
[DOBJ, food] flour (-1), salt (-1), pepper (-1), milk (-1), an egg (-1)
[PP, location, in] a large bowl (-1)
annot: heat some oil in a pan
ACTID: 3
PRED: heat
[DOBJ, food] some oil (-1)
[PP, location, in] a pan (-1)
annot: fry the potatoes in it
ACTID: 4
PRED: fry
[DOBJ, food] the potatoes (1)
[PP, food, in] it (3)
annot: Drain the fried potato strips
ACTID: 5
PRED: drain
[DOBJ, food] the fried potato strips (4)
annot: Coat the fish strips with flour and the mixture
ACTID: 6
PRED: coat
[DOBJ, food] the fish strips (-1)
[PP, food, with] flour (-1), the mixture (2)
annot: fry them in the oil
ACTID: 7
PRED: fry
[DOBJ, food] them (6)
[PP, food, in] the oil (-1)
annot: Drain the fried fish
ACTID: 8
PRED: drain
[DOBJ, food] the fried fish (7)
annot: season with salt and pepper
ACTID: 9
PRED: season
[DOBJ, food]  (8)
[PP, food, with] salt (-1), pepper (-1)
annot: Serve the fried chips and fish with lemon and sauce
ACTID: 10
PRED: serve
[DOBJ, food] the fried chips (5), fish (9)
[PP, food, with] lemon (-1), sauce (-1)